Display handles are whitespace trimed and collapsed (#2157)
frequency-chain/frequency: designdocs/user-handles.md

### Handle replay attack

> To prevent replay attacks, the chain will require a mortality period for handles. This can be included in signed payload from user as a `expiration` field. The chain will check if the `expiration` is greater than the current block number. If not, the transaction will fail.

Reviewer: nit: correct a to an, and active voice
```suggestion
To prevent replay attacks, the chain will require a mortality period for handles. This can be included in the user's signed payload as an `expiration` field. The chain will check if the `expiration` is greater than the current block number. If not, the transaction will fail.
```

### Claim handle

>  As a network, Frequency should allow users to choose their own handle, while the chain will generate a random numeric suffix within the range of suffixes allowed. The display handle will be the base handle with whitespace trimmed and concatenated with the suffix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 As a network, Frequency should allow users to choose their own handle, while the chain will generate a random numeric suffix within the range of suffixes allowed. The display handle will be the base handle with whitespace trimmed and consolidated, concatenated with the suffix.
```
